>> Jen Kramer: There are and
this is part of the reason that syntax
with flexbox has been challenging.
There are three versions of flexbox.
Originally flexbox came out in 2009,
can you believe it?
And we used to set it up
this way display colon box.
And then, somebody came through with a W3C
and said, no, we should totally rewrite
the syntax and so,
we then had this display of flexbox.
This is the so called, tweener syntax,
because it goes in between the original
syntax and what's actually in use now.
And there is one browser out
there that you probably support
that works with the tweener syntax.
Does anyone know what it is?
>> Jen Kramer: One browser,
only one and it will surprise you.
>> Speaker 2: Safari.
[LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: Not Safari.
>> Speaker 3: IE.
>> Jen Kramer: IE which,
>> Speaker 2: 9, 10.
>> Jen Kramer: IE10.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: IE10, okay.
IE10 is the only one that's
supports the tweener syntax,
and then finally,
now going forward the correct syntax,
the standard compliance
syntax is display flex.
So a word on this.
What I am gonna be teaching you
is the standards compliant code.
We live in a perfect
world in this classroom.
We only support Firefox and Chrome,
only in their most recent version, I know.
It's a wonderful dream isn't it?
We don't have to support all the old IE.
We don't have to support Edge or
Safari or all those other ones.
So I'm gonna teach you
the standards compliant code.
And I know that for many of you,
you're working with Sass.
You have some sort of methodology that's
gonna put in all of those backwards
compatibility hacks and prefixing and all
the rest of the stuff that goes with it.
We're gonna keep our code simple, we're
just gonna write it standards compliant.
All right, so as i say here,
prefixing may still be required depending
on what your browser set is to support.
Generally speaking, when I teach,
I don't teach a whole lot of cross browser
capability stuff because everybody's
supporting different browsers.
And we can really get bogged down in
these details that change rapidly.
Here's an example of what this
might look like with prefixing,
that's all the prefixing
you are going to see today.
Let's say I'm putting the UL is
going to be my flex container,
my LIs would be flex items.
That's actually what's going to happen
in the demo that I'm about to show you.
So here we go this is what
this might look like.
Here's our prefixing, we have web kit flex
for old versions of Chrome and Safari.
We have MS flex box for IE10,
that's the tweener syntax,
and then finally display flex is
the standards compliant quote.
So that's it, that's all I'm gonna say
about prefixing And from this point,
we'll just say display flex.
All right, the current supports and
where it stands, if you are under IE 9,
IE 9 and less, not supported at all,
IE 10 is the tweener syntax.
IE 11 and Edge, so called full support,
it can be a little bit buggy in IE 11,
you'll have to look that up.
Generally speaking,
older versions of Safari,
we're gonna require that webkit prefix and
there's lots of others that support
the current syntax, like including Opera.
So feel free to use caniuse.com,
always your friend for
looking up what the current
state of support is.